#1212 Problem referencing output from test run in local variables block (tofu test) (#1254)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Added "cidrcontains" function. ([$366](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/366))
* Allow test run blocks to reference previous run block's module outputs ([#1129](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1129))
* Support the XDG Base Directory Specification ([#1200](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1200))

> * Added support to resolve the issue of referencing output from a test run in the local variables block (tofu test). ([#1254](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1254))

Reviewer: I think this reads a little better: WDYT?

```suggestion
* Allow referencing the output from a test run in the local variables block of another run (tofu test). ([#1254](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/pull/1254))
```

Author: Done. Thanks
